README.md, before:

# Pac-Man

## Xtreme edition

What will the application do?

The application will simulate the game Pac-Man. 
The game will include the usual mechanics seen in 
regular Pac-Man, but the twist will be added power-ups. 
The game will include extra power-ups that will buff 
Pac-Man to help player proceed further in game.

Who will use it?

Since I am designing a video game, the audience will be 
video game players.

Why is this project of interest to you?

I've always wanted to work on a personal video game that 
has elements designed and implemented personally. Previously, 
I've designed Snake, and a 2D sand simulator in Java with 
help from either videos, or other people. Pac-Man will be
my first true solo project designed from scratch.

## User Stories
- As a user, I want a map that features Pac-Man
- As a user, the map needs to have walls, and pellets
- As a user, Pac-Man needs to be able to collide with the walls
- As a user, touching a ghost will kill me
- As a user, I want to be able to collect pellets
- As a user, these pellets need to give me points
- As a user, I want to be able to move as Pac-Man
- As a user, I want ghosts chasing after me
- As a user, I want items on the map that will power up Pac-Man
- As a user, I want a scoreboard system that rank the highest scores
- As a user, I want my score added to the scoreboard
- As a user, I want multiple lives with Pac-Man
- As a user, I want the difficulty to increase as the game progresses.
- As a user, the game will rerun once all the pellets are gone.
- As a user, the game requires a save and quit option
- As a user, the game will load back my previous save

Commit message:

added Gui for PacManGame and also fixed a few bugs

README.md, after:

# Pac-Man

What will the application do?

The application will simulate the game Pac-Man. 
The game will include the usual mechanics seen in 
regular Pac-Man, and a few added features to make the
game more interesting.

Who will use it?

Since I am designing a video game, the audience will be 
video game players.

Why is this project of interest to you?

I've always wanted to work on a personal video game that 
has elements designed and implemented personally. Previously, 
I've designed Snake, and a 2D sand simulator in Java with 
help from either videos, or other people. Pac-Man will be
my first true solo project designed from scratch.

## User Stories
- As a user, I want a map that features Pac-Man
- As a user, the map needs to have walls, and pellets
- As a user, Pac-Man needs to be able to collide with the walls
- As a user, touching a ghost will kill me
- As a user, I want to be able to collect pellets
- As a user, these pellets need to give me points
- As a user, I want to be able to move as Pac-Man
- As a user, I want ghosts chasing after me
- As a user, I want items on the map that will power up Pac-Man
- As a user, I want my score added to the scoreboard
- As a user, I want multiple lives with Pac-Man
- As a user, the game will rerun once all the pellets are gone.
- As a user, the game requires a save and quit option
- As a user, the game will load back my previous save
 
## Instruction for Grader

- You can generate the first required action related to adding Xs to a Y by pressing 
the button "add Ghost", you will add another ghost into the game.
That ghost will behave like all the previous ghosts at the beginning of the game. 


- You can generate the second required action related to adding Xs to a Y by pressing the arrow keys to
move around in the game. It has the same rules as pac man. There's 
also added hotkeys for the three buttons above. pressing A will add Ghosts, S to save, and L to load.


- You can locate my visual component by looking in the Images file. Located above the lib folder 
and below the data folder.


- You can save the state of my application by either press S or click the Save button.


- You can reload the state of my application by either press L or click the Load button.
